hello everyone thank you for joining me
today very quick video I just wanted to
let you know that I have been accepted
by invitation into merch by Amazon and
essentially what this is is ond demand
t-shirt printing so Amazon would do all
of the printing and shipping and
everything else based on my designs so I
will probably be able to get somebody to
do some basic t-shirt designs and this
is obviously just something I drew up
very
quickly but very simple design something
like End the Fed or say no to
GMO and I want these for
myself so I'm going to do it regardless
but I wanted to know from you
individuals out there who are
likeminded what type of t-shirts that
you would want to see
or perhaps just some ideas for other
people that you think they would like I
can set I believe a total of 25
different uh designs so I'd like to hear
what you think there's a choice of five
colors on here but essentially what I
want to know at this point is what type
of quotations or images I can't use
anything necessarily copyright but I can
take take images and and I can get
whoever's going to be doing the graphics
to sort of manipulate them and
everything else I'm talking about simple
designs very simple things maybe quotes
or something like End the Fed say no to
GMO and other things I know like myself
there are so many people out there who
would like this as a product to be able
to wear to the gym or wear anywhere else
and you could send a message simply by
wearing a shirt I have my Ron Paul
Revolution shirt that I wear and I think
that having more of these type of shirts
to send a message is something good to
strike up a conversation please let me
know what type of shirts you would like
to see for yourself or perhaps maybe you
don't want to wear that but something
that you think is really cool I'd like
to know as well so please let me know
your thoughts comment down below if you
don't want to comment down below you can
always email me at davidthe moneygps
. thank you I really appreciate your
input so please as many people as
possible I would like to know what you
have to say